Oh
ah
menu
Wow the grocery store was really packed
today I'm so cool everybody loves me
this place sucks I love my fruits and
veggies I guess you could call me a
typical veg head I love my boyfriend
sonic I miss him those were the days
sometimes the chemicals of the veggies
gold my head and make me goes off oh
well I love you veggies Oh dozed off
again hey hey doze off in his nighttime
well time for bed veggies
sonic is he there whoa whoa gazing off
again hey a little birdie you're so cute
yum yum yum yum yum no watch it buddy
mmm get away creeper ah I love you
birdie I'm glad we got away from the
pedo cheap don't you love me little bird
well until my wing is better let's get
going and we'll go look for Sonic
oh that was easier than I thought
Sonic
ahhh oh hey me hi i was looking for you
little birdie pisses sighing he can up
you in your journey what sonic please no
karma karma will get you Sonic whatever
hey what's that
sure